---
layout: post
title: "I need a film everyday"
category: 
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Everyday is boring, I have nothing to do but reading some books. You know, the loneliness is the biggest enemy. I can have a good plan in one day doing the specific things according to the schedule. However, when time passes, I cannot insist the original plan and do the meaningless things to kill time. The films is a good way to give me some passion and it is pretty a stimulating thing, which can bring you to a totally different scenario and think your life. So I watch a film everyday in the still of night. 

[simage=25,400,n,center,]
The Shawshank Redemption. I like this film, and I like Red's voice. His voice was low and deep. Under the prison background, this film was realistic and cruel, but it gave you a tender feeling. 
[simage=26,400,n,center,]
Unstoppable. It is exciting when there is a racing between the trains. And it makes your heart leap. 
[simage=30,400,n,center,]
3 idiots. Although it's difficult to understand the India English, this is gonna be worth the time. We can learn much from the words in the film. We need to find out the things that are really passionate for us. And we cannot just be the person that your parents want you to be, but the one who you want to be. 
[simage=27,400,n,center,]
cherry. The cherry is very cheap here, just 5 dollars 1kg.
[simage=28,400,n,center,]
The book store. After finishing the volunteer work, I got a voucher which is worth 25 dollars and I wanted to buy one books. This is a big book store in Melbourne, which website address is borders.com.au. However, the IT books are so expensive, so I bought a second-hand book from the website. The book is "Thinking in Java 3rd edition". 
[simage=29,400,n,center,]
The programming books. This is a corner of the IT books. Did you see the Ruby book? (Which is a popular programming language in web 2.0)

This is my first time to write articles in English, I just wanna practice the way of thinking in English(not just in Java, lol). 